well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about trump
trust
twitter and my friend's boy
last year he wanted to go to some sports
camp
i can't remember what it was i want to
say baseball could be wrong about that
but it really doesn't matter
the point is he wanted to go to this
camp
and he was all set to go really excited
about it
about about a week before
he left his mom found out that he had
been kind of picking on this other kid
over twitter
looked like he was trying to start a
fight
so she took away his twitter account
smart move right then she said
because he couldn't be trusted with
twitter he couldn't be trusted to go to
the camp
makes sense it sound logic because if
she let him go
knowing he had behavioral problems
anything that he did at that camp well
that's on her it's her job to rein him
in
the president of the united states has
had his twitter account taken away
his social media revoked yet somehow
he is still in charge of the most
powerful fighting force the world has
ever known
i would suggest that that's an oversight
that's a situation that should probably
be corrected
yet those in power
those who can do something about it
those who can convince him to resign
invoke the 25th amendment or impeach him
well they're talking about it they're
talking about it
meanwhile those of us down here on the
bottom
we're waiting for them to do their duty
and we're helpless
we can't do anything about it
you would think after congress went
through what it just went through
where they were sitting there helpless
waiting for somebody else to do their
duty
they might be a little bit more
sympathetic but they're concerned about
the political implications
for democrats they're worried about
appearances and expending the political
capital to get it done
for republicans they're worried about
looking bad
it's not like they're going to look
worse go ahead and throw that out there
and for democrats i would point out it
doesn't matter
how much political capital has to be
expended it's your duty
and as far as appearances go yes
republicans are going to say
that it's all political the average
american
understands that the election is over
you all won
biden's going to be in office in just a
few days
it's not really beneficial
for the democratic party to do this i
think your average american will
understand that
it's just a few days and we got it
we understand that somebody got to him
somebody got to trump and convinced him
to come out
and be teleprompter trump again and say
all of the right things that he was told
to
but see we've seen this routine before
we know that the second that
teleprompter went off
well he's back to good ol erratic trump
doing whatever he wants because those
who have the responsibility to rein him
in
aren't doing it it's only a few days
what's worse that can happen right
i just want to point out that whatever
trump
does with this his uh remaining time in
office
congress all of congress
shares part of the blame it's on them
it's their job to rein him in
they know he has a behavioral problem
they know
he can't be trusted with twitter
but he's still commander in chief
i don't know that i can trust that
i don't know that that's a situation
they should let stand
i would suggest they have a duty to
remedy that
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day